All right welcome back my students so now that we are retrieving data.
Right.
It's time for us to start to learn how to actually persisted to make it.
So it goes in the database so that way we can get all this information inside the database.
All right.
And at the same time it would be also good to put it in our server.
Right.
So let's do that.
Let's actually comment all this out and you can make comments guys you can make your comments on why
each of this stuff is doing.
I'm showing it to you right now what I want you to do that with me so that way you can have these files
all these features available.
All right.
All right cool.
So what I want to do is I want to say because this is a pose controller and we are also if you look
at our migration there is only I think we only do in the title we're putting information in the title
so let's let's actually take a look at our BHB admin real quick.
So that where we can get a little refresher on BHB.
Admin a little refresh on what our tables look like this point are post-IPO.
All right Paul Steve was tied on the content right.
OK that's fine and these ad men but we don't need all that information.
I'm just going to we're just going to do the title on this.
In this case OK.
So what I want to do is and what we want I want you to do is do you request on we're going to put this
in a very well just like we did before.
OK.
So we now we have the request of the whole form inside here.
Cool.
Now what we need to do now that we have this is we need to find out if we have a file.
All right.
So we could say something like this if and I'm going to sign a variable right in the IF statement to
it right away.
All right which I think it's pretty cool right.
All right.
So if this file exist.
I want you to execute the following functions right.
I'm going to get the name all right and the NAME IS GOING TO BE file good or really original client
name.
All right.
So once we have the name of the file then we can do all the things with it right.
Well we want to move the file first.
All right we want to move that file somewhere.
So now this more functional or method.
All right takes two parameters is going to it we're going to give it two parameters the first parameter
is going to give it where the file is going to write the location of the file where he's going to.
And then of course it takes the name of the file.
OK.
Now I want you to listen to this.
This function will create an images folder if you're don't already have it.
All right.
If for some reason the US is not able to create images folder you need to give it some permissions to
do it.
OK.
But it will create an image just for that right now for us.
So right now if you go to our public directory.
We don't have the images for that here.
So this image is for the would be created right here in this public directory because the images should
be of these images that we are uploading here should be public right and sensible to everybody in this
case.
Ok cool.
So once we move in we also want to add the input variable now right.
And as a matter of fact this was should be the name of the column inside your database so if you don't
have one.
I think we're going to have to do that.
But if you don't have a column to put the picture path in there you warm work.
All right so let's create that real quick.
It's create a migration for it.
All right.
OK let's clear this out.
There we go.
All right.
Really cool stuff really fast BHB artisan make migration and the migrations name is going to be add
path column to polls.
OK.
There we go.
We are referencing that poll stable.
All right you should know how to do that already.
And if we go to our let's go to our database migrations and it should be the last one here.
Actually another last one for some reason well he should be limited synchronizes real quick.
There we go.
All right cool.
So now we come here with a table and this is going to be a string and we're going to name it.
Path.
You can read my file if you want but passage is a good name for is a lot of people use that.
And of course we want to make sure that we can drop this if we wanted to.
All right cool.
Now you come back here and you say BHP Orison migrate.
All right that's migrating.
So now we have that let's go back to.
Let's close on this.
And you can see the little red line under HTP.
Cool stuff right.
That means something is wrong.
Right.
And controllers will go here and we find where the problem is and that's where it is right.
Cool.
I love BHB storm.
But anyway so once you have that let's change this because this is where the column name will be.
All right.
And we got to assign the name to it like this.
Remember we are assigned from right to left of course.
All right.
So once we have that all we've got to do down here is say you know what post I need you to create
everything that your input has.
All right now I don't want you to forget something.
All right.
Right now we're forgetting something and we don't want to do that.
Well I'm not forgetting but you might be forgetting.
Remember that we created a new column and now when we use is meant to create that's going to be you
know mass assignment will be a problem.
Clarabell would not allow us to to edit this column unless we give it permission.
So we need to go to the polls.
All right and let him know that it's ok it's ok Clarabell you can actually put all this on top.
We don't have that many.
We don't have so many that we can put it in one line.
All right.
And then we're going to see a path here.
Ok cool.
So now if we go to that post let's go right here.
Now let's see what kind of errors we get if we get any.
I haven't really checked double checked I just wanted to get an arrow so that where we can fix it.
You know guys if you taking my Corps's from the past you know I love to see errors.
Anyway see a mass create.
And here I'm going to say BHB and I choose whatever file comes to my mind and create.
Geez.
No no errors.
That's not good.
That's good posts.
And as you can see right here we got a pass but we also have the name of that image right here.
OK.
As you can see right there in that new column.
Pretty cool stuff right.
All right.
So now that we read it we were able to persist data into the database.
We were able Oh and the one thing that I haven't showed you is that if we go to public see we're public
right here.
Let's actually synchronizes real quick.
I don't I don't know if that more function worked so let's synchronize this.
And as you can see yes the images folder has been created as well.
And if you look at it they called the image name is there as well.
Now if you don't want to keep getting the same image over and over again what you can do is you can
add time to it.
All right looking at the time and you're going to have a different image all the time.
Now we can also.
Well we can use this use of new mutator or use an accessor for either getting the path of the image
already in the database or that way every time you echo out the path that you have the whole path or
what you can do is mutating.
I mean access it in a different way in the next election we're going to take a look at how we can make
each image unique and how we can you know use a mutator assessors to actually make it more user friendly
when it comes to displaying the path or you know inputting extra information in a database.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next lecture